docs(create-app): document community templates (#643)
dhis2/cli: docs/commands/create-app.md

  --packagemanager                                                      [string]
```

## Community templates

The CLI also supports installing templates developed by the community using a GitHub repository URL or `owner/repo` specifier. These templates are maintained outside the CLI, so you should review the source code before using them in your project.

> Here is a good starting template developed by the community:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some of the available community templates:
```

### Tailwind + React Router

React Router DHIS2 app template with Tailwind CSS.

> Repository: <https://github.com/derrick-nuby/dhis2-ts-tailwind-react-router>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repository: [https://github.com/derrick-nuby/dhis2-ts-tailwind-react-router](https://github.com/derrick-nuby/dhis2-ts-tailwind-react-router)
```

```sh
pnpm create @dhis2/app my-app --template https://github.com/derrick-nuby/dhis2-ts-tailwind-react-router
```

Main components: Tailwind CSS, React Router
Organisation: HISP Rwanda

> Developed by: Derrick Iradukunda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developed by: [Derrick Iradukunda](https://github.com/derrick-nuby)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you would like to promote your own community template, you can open a PR for the [CLI docs](https://github.com/derrick-nuby/dhis2-cli/blob/master/docs/commands/create-app.md)  including template URL and installation steps, and any other relevant information.
```

Author: Here you have mentioned my repo, I think it is a mistake you wanted to mention the dhis2-CLI repo.
